everybody welcome enter on line please
binding of issac address plus hey what's
that negative one win streak I am
building a dossier by the way you didn't
miss any runs for four NL for four NL
more like q q NL j76 for um just
god-awful starting stats but this is
irrespective of what I was going to
bring up anyway which is I'm building a
dossier for my conspiracy theory that
they've just like made every enemy tank
here in this game just watch the run
with a non-biased mind that's all I ask
watch it with the idea that there is you
know what we can do this that there
might be not that there is that there
might have been a change recently in
Isaac that amped up the amount of damage
that enemies were able to take I feel
like over the course of the past week
have I played terribly there have been
some runs that have been pretty bad I
mean some of the dailies in particular
just had like no chance but I'm starting
to I'm starting to feel like Wynonna
rider in stranger things man like these
enemies didn't use to take this long to
kill this run is already a bad example
and I want to be fair to the game first
off their games they want a passion to
make it harder that's fine I'm just
saying I'm starting to put together the
pieces that this might be an Arg for
which you know where all the victims
basically but mostly me three dollar
bills helping us out a lot here we did
just come off a run in which we were
invincible but even that run felt like a
little underpowered or a mine maybe I'm
losing my my disc just keep your eyes
peeled I'm going to focus on the
commentary I'm going to focus on staying
alive which has never been more
difficult I think the booster pack might
have changed something I know that rest
assured we've talked about the Mandela
effect okay that was not my fire so that
idea but we've talked about the Mandela
effect on the NL SS before and both Nick
and I are of the opinion that is I mean
no offense men but like I'm going to say
a word that's going to offend you if
you're a belief first to Mandela effect
but I think it's idiotic and the idea
that the whole
universe must must have changed because
you miss remembered something is very
egotistical however I'm asking you to
buy into my Mandela effect right now I
can understand why you would be hesitant
just play some Isaac for yourself if you
a lot of people probably watch these
episodes don't play the game themselves
anymore that's fine yeah I got no no
problem with that whatsoever just place
some Isaac yourself you're probably
watching this and going man and Al's
been playing pretty bad lately maybe
you've been playing yourself and going
you know and held still playing pretty
bad lately and the game has not changed
I just want somebody get out the spider
mod if you're interested if you're not
don't let me waste your time if you're
interested get out the spider mod get
out the cheat engine figure out what
happened are these enemies they the same
level of tankiness that they used to be
because something don't feel right in my
world anyway I'm going to use forget me
now and I'm going to focus on now the
run starts over I've got personal loss
on the first floor so we can't afford to
go to our curse room and we got the Arab
which I will not
in all likelihood hold until the end of
the run this run by the way if we're
evaluating it at least the HP is good
and three dollar bill can get us out of
some jams but you know real talk we got
a serious problem with our damage and we
got a serious problem with our with our
tears and those are like the two most
important stats once your HP is above
zero which it obviously is so this is
one in which I would not expect to be
able to make it the boss rush it's weird
to say that on the first floor I mean we
did do the first floor twice but the
idea is I also had no keys so it seemed
like a sensible approach I know I keep
coming back to this but I made a poll on
Twitter and the poll was like you know
has Isaac gotten harder or the poll just
said what happened but then selection
one was has Isaac gotten harder or have
I gotten worse seventy-five percent of
people said I got worse that's the
overwhelming majority
if you had that on a ski audience
approval by the way I'm not offended by
this I'm aware of my performance lately
but if you had that on ask the audience
and Wants to Be a Millionaire
you would be like I'm going with a I
would have to I would have to be an
idiot to you know go against the
audience on this example right here and
yet I find myself mendel it man not you
know unjustly thrown in prison it's
going to be really bad for a rate of
fire but flippin sweet for dealing
damage but rather all Jesus it still
works
but rather just thinking am I the only
one living in this alternate universe
where it's every enemy and Isaac is
quintuple the HP they used to have just
just think about it's all I'm asking all
I'm asking you to do is do the research
and if you don't agree with me then just
keep your mouth shut if you do agree
with me singing from the highest point
you can find now Kilimanjaro if you got
it now if they really if the conspiracy
theory is out in full force they will
give me the greatest run of all time
here to deflect you know keep the elites
happy and then you know they'll spread
the kool-aid to the masses right I don't
know what I'm talking about or to why
I'm this is starting to border it is
crossing the border line from satire
into genuine illness so let's just kill
this enemy who is totally not angry fly
in different proportions
please Lord a tears upgrade even more so
than a damage upgrade right now the
widow is like one of the you know
famously one of the least tanky bosses
number one when it shows up as an
enormous helper
six minutes to get through the first
floor but is the first floor for a
second time
give me an orbital or something okay
tears up shots me down I can live it
that is a unless three dollar bill
rolled over to something else at the
same time as a 34 tears up pretty solid
yeah it actually seems like I'm able to
shoot enemies now so it's a good start
we get a deal with the devil
I like our chance again I want to point
out even if the game got harder doesn't
mean they're like trying to pull one
over on us I'm just maybe I've tilted so
far that I've gone permanently
off-kilter maybe I've been playing dead
cells and dead cells you know you get
calibrated to the fact that enemies die
in about you know a quarter of a second
you just go up to them and you know
right trigger left triggers that you
know they're done right and then you
died soon after if you play as badly as
I do but I don't know maybe it's this
new haircut not for me but for eating
this gummy
it's got me flipping out here man what I
mean what is this it's like a Ringo
Starr but also a helmet that quake guy
wears and we got four eyes popping out
of it's like geez four eyes I know it's
an insult but in this case is almost the
most charming thing about this visit not
you don't fit society's standards of
beauty I'm not saying that I'm not into
it but you know you can draw for
yourself let's go okay we get a dime
that's top of the line very valuable for
us right now
we need almost everything you know what
forget the shop this is about an
investment in rerolls that's way too
dangerous for us to take it's not good
enough for us to take that is good
enough for us to take the mind is a
terrible thing to waste buddy so forget
the shop I'm like extremely content with
this reroll
Cambell undies isn't garbage but we like
we need gas we need good stuff that's
not what gas stands for doesn't make any
gas is just fuel you know we need we
need things that make this run pop I
would kill for like a permanent
number-one that's the Holy Grail right
now from three dollar bill we're gonna
get a deal with the devil in spite of my
poor damage we're gonna get a shot speed
up it's actually fairly okay you don't
need a world card this is pretty good
shade doesn't matter but it's a
value-add here and then Abaddon for the
damage upgrade still not great damage
and our rate of fire is going to be a
poor selling point for us on this run
but we're actually way better off than I
would have expected given how long it
took us to make it through those floors
like we're only like three minutes
behind schedule
I guess that's exactly how long you'd
expect to be behind schedule if you did
one extra floor so how would fold NL
play this he would play it like that
which is why I'm playing it like that I
got to get back to that mindset even if
I am about you know 20% confident you
know I'm not saying it's a guarantee I'm
like 20 percent confident that I maybe
I've changed the gun worse but I think
the game may have changed as well you
know it could be a both scenario I could
be bad and dealing with tanking your
enemies just saying do the research
saying check out our dice room you know
what I'll throw out a reroll here that's
fine see what we got over here
petrified poop ended up being pretty bad
not petrified too specifically like I
mean faded Polaroid petrified poo poo
cares both have decent uses but the loss
of keys there is is the real hard part
what is this 101 tear delay a $3 bill
affects what drastically it one of the
easement Skara I got to see if it
doubles our damage during that period
okay so first step item rooms kidney
stone I got a kidney stone but I don't
like kidney stone anymore I had it in a
daily recently kidney stone is no longer
my best friend the mind is my new best
friend
I hate kidney stone now because of the
speed downgrade stop and this is how you
know I'm on Full Tilt Poker there's
still Hellmuth but stop putting speed
downgrades on cool items why does small
Rodney to speed downgrade why does why
does kidney stone need a speed
downgraded don't say because if you have
a kidney stone
you can't run fast why does it just give
you a freaking zero speed because you
got a kidney cell you don't want to run
at all oh that would be bad for the game
well then die think that maybe this is
bad for the game too I don't want to go
so I want to take fun items if an item
is good give it a speed downgrade to
make it slightly worse I understand you
know riot League of Legends balance
patch I don't know what I'm talking
about is the thing but if I talk really
fast maybe your brain will recognize
that I just said that what that was
kidney stone I think or a $3.00 bill
into kidney stone somehow yeah okay
we'll take that the kidney stone kidney
stone is a marginal choice and you're
punishing me for a marginal choice for a
margarine choice I don't disagree I like
the full fat flavor of butter you know
real butter pay2win gives us a reroll
machine in every item room that's very
good if we can get some bombs
copy items eased on it you know what
what would old NL have done here he
would get rid of Guppies paw for Guppies
head use Guppies head use the pills hope
for speed upgrade or a deer's upgrade
for that matter bad very very not good
that was so much worse because it was
the second time but I was trying to get
shade up there to deal some damage okay
we got Yara we can always and maybe we
should do it right away
trade red hearts for absolute HP in the
form of spirit hearts rate of fire still
kind of killing me
oh it was very very close
good work okay you know what I'm gonna
do it I'm gonna do it right away
keep ourselves alive and you know what
go for the real time guppy dream didn't
work but that's fine we did get we got
better as a result of it anyway
now the 101 rate of fire does not come
with a damage bonus why what is what is
having our rate of fire in order to give
us no benefit it can't be my reflection
even though all signs are pointing to
that right now it just doesn't seem
plausible it's like the pieces aren't
adding up it's like why in the world
would Peter Weyland go into the space
engineers this is not an alien covenant
spoiler by the way movie that movie
recently came out so people would be of
the opinion perhaps that I'm spoiling a
new movie this is prometheus came out in
2012 just saying does it make sense why
the biologists would get lost with the
geologist who controls the maps we're
supposed to be smarter than that
he's making us all look bad not that I'm
biologists subtle distinction let's go
okay oh but you know he had a was
very--it abate of personality he was
trying to impress the dude by letting an
aliens freaking snake crawl up the
urethra yeah right sure all I'm saying
is do the research alright let's go
we're still like a million percent
relying on to your effects to deal
damage here but we are slowly putting
together the pieces of a potential wind
we got three flies per room that's
honestly a decent amount of like
guaranteed damage rated the outset give
me smaller rock I don't care I'll take
the screen down grave got a 67 percent
chance of a deal with the devil let's go
we need the HP no matter what and we
definitely a million percent one death
touch that's just I was going to say
gonna hit us but we got lucky to get out
of the way we're not concerned at all
about boss rush because we can't make it
at this point so what we're going to do
is try to get to our shop and definitely
our item room item room is more
important than the shop we can use our
bombs there to accomplish great things
so a guaranteed deaths touch is a very
solid get here we have a 127 rate of
fire sometimes so that's I would say
that that's probably our biggest
weaknesses that we fire once every like
four seconds sometimes sometimes we fire
a little bit faster than that
thank you shave this is not good enough
save your bombs we might need them for
combat that's not good enough even if it
is wait what okay you know what it is
good enough if it's wait what because we
get hot there's all I needed was a real
machine not a real machine machine sorry
all I needed was a donation machine and
then I had unlimited money to use on the
reroll machine this is this is fine we
still don't want wait what Gabby's head
is going to be better for us I think
technology
technology with a bad rate of fire
scares me crystal ball is nice if you
get you know good passives sorry good
actives on route to getting a passive
that you actually want to hold tech
point five is very very good it's weird
because we made the run like a lot
better here but I don't know
first off wise are shot curving I must
have been some kind of three dollar bill
effects but I don't know if we made it
good enough because the stance that
we're missing are still so mission
critical but it's okay we got some mind
trying to see we do want to go curse
room we've got to check every room that
could give us a chance of finishing the
guppy dream and at this point I would
actually go so far as to suggest again
boss rush irrelevant so we don't need a
teleport card I go so far as to suggest
that tech point five is the main damage
and our monstros lungs is actually like
the the bonus damage I do okay my bad
but if you're making other enemies give
us batteries as a dream come true as far
as I'm concerned okay we got to check
there's an Isaac's room as well so if we
can we can get into the Isaac's room we
can get some HP back there secret room
does not border it but still and you
know what we've done all the sacrificing
we need to do on this floor so stop
taking damage we need two bombs get in
here we got two bombs on this room so
that's easy money three spirit arts for
sleeping don't really care whether it's
a clean room or a dirty room as long as
we get our HP back
and honestly I got to be real with you
on this run I'm not really feeling the
conspiracy theory enemies seem to be
dying in a in an appropriate fashion
maybe I have on tilted myself somehow or
maybe it's because we have monstros lung
and you know enemies tend to die in one
hit of that no matter what so we'll take
SMB super fan that's on everything up
although it used to not be a speed up
that has been fixed for like a year and
a half I think possibly more maybe like
three years now that I think about it
you know time times the flat circle man
year and a half three years a year and a
half is just three years divided by two
so I don't know why you're getting all
uptight about eternal heart guppy item
no okay
so right can't be salty one red chest
doesn't work out in your favor gotta be
more you know open to getting
disappointed than then still holding
this ieru and I call the rate of the
start of this run I was like we are not
going to hold this year in the whole
time halfway through the run still
holding the era room that's a good thing
though this is our moment
give me the world's greatest deal with
the devil guppy and then whatever else I
don't care what's on the pizza just give
me a thin crust marinara some mozzarella
cheese basil olive oil Italian sausage I
don't care what else you put on it
besides that but there does have to be
all a little bit of chili oil it really
ties it together
prosciutto if you got it if not Parma
ham I know they're the same thing I was
trying to trick you alright so while
we're here if you maybe like some
caramelized pears or something like that
I don't mind getting a little nouveau
riche with a flatbread I know I don't
mind having stairs ah
now this probably something we should
not be doing we didn't pay much for it
we didn't get much out of it we didn't
pay much for it so everything is
forgiven we could go to the to the boss
trap room we'll get a lot of charges mr.
e sacks good by the way I just I mean
telepathy is lovely okay I'll tell you
what there's a great case for that we
don't need the whole guppy said the
finger again is borderline magic mush is
the Savior so telepathy what's the deal
with telepathy
dude we have now we've ascended this run
is now extraordinarily winnable um I
knew it the conspiracy they wouldn't let
me lose on this run what did I tell you
wake up sheeple we're now like dominant
not dominating yet but we're in a
dominant position got good trinkets we
nearly made it through try buddy we
nearly made it to boss rush in spite of
the fact that we got no business doing
so now they give us gummy just to rub it
in told you that's duality old NL would
take to Ally
I got to get the new NL he's gone off
the rails in Issac okay it's curse of
the labyrinth not what I would consider
to be a hush worthy run at the present
moment
I real think that telepathy is possibly
one of the greatest items in the game if
the only criticism you can lobby against
it is that it doesn't make you
invincible against all kinds of damage
you know I think it's it's pretty clear
you're dealing with a special item there
so I actually think this might be like
the best active item they've added into
the game well that's not fair is it
tough I'm moving the goalposts
the best active item that operates in a
traditionally strong Aven if you know
it's like because crooked penny is
actually incredibly strong even if you
feel that it's kind of what's weaker
than it used to be inning you might also
think that it's kind of overdone at this
point but like it's a good freaking item
man is the thing if this as good as
crooked penny it might be we got to
check this this is a great use of a key
unfortunately it actually wasn't but if
it an ad book of revelations or
something it would be so how do we pull
a loss out of our likely win here
basically stop standing so close to
enemies the occasional fire mind is
enough to widdle you down to death so we
like really really need to not do that
mom gets just completely screwed by
telepathy as well as does Isaac although
the beams make him a little bit more of
a of a challenge this is a tough one
that hurts me deep in my soul cuz that
was just I don't don't know what you're
supposed to do to avoid the bomb there
all right just remember that when you
shoot him he dives spawns enemies that
will also die because you tier is so
large those enemies when they die will
spawn a bomb which will then be here by
the tier that still exists on the screen
and then you know it Bob's your uncle
you're getting hurt as well
old NL would have done this I would like
to be a little bit more cautious
and no good deed goes unpunished it's
actually completely fine because we have
this secret room I know we have we've
left the era room back there what if we
could have caught that we should have
used telepathy it screws the bonis over
as well so like really look for tinted
rocks I don't think we saw one there
should probably just use it whenever
it's off cooldown just on principle and
walked on the creep what do you what do
you try to pull here ahead of the keeper
is not a an urgent get potentially
sorted nice that's about it though we
got our red heart back which is the
whole reason we went there I don't know
man like the Isaac fight should not be
that bad I'm going to these rooms not in
the hopes of getting the guppy item the
hopes of getting a spirit heart it's a
pretty modest task and then that spirit
art gives us the ability to feel good
about going with the going to the curse
room but maybe not maybe we should just
play this how would all it old and I'll
play this he'd dial in battleground
style you know and said so like
french-canadian when I said that thanks
a lot I've mine really appreciate that
and by hive mind I mean fire mind
although hive mind would be nice right
now donor me bagging you oh it heard me
a little bit it did okay dial in let's
do this just don't stand too close to
the enemies
good use of telepathy the thing is we're
all human beings here I've exploded
thanks to fire mind here's what I'm
going to do we're going to do Ana's asel
run you're witnessing the satirical
descent of a man into madness
I might this might just be a level of
tilt I've never experienced before in my
adult life
maybe I've like you know professional
athletes they need to retire at some
Pole
okay that one's pretty bad professional
athletes you know they need to retire at
some point eSports athletes brain gets
less sharp am I just as I get older more
handsome wiser better with money more
socially competent just better in
basically every way now this is meant to
be sincerity as well maybe I'm just
getting like I'm getting phased out of
the Isaac existence you know the kids
are coming up from behind James Murphy
said a Best 2005 losing my edge but if
we can't win Ana's asel run that's how
I'll know that's how I'll know that
we're in it we're in a dark place here
that run was actually it was good but it
wasn't perfect no Isaac run ever is
though so it's kind of like a false
dilemma there but we need to start
putting wins on camera or we're going to
enter like a spiral from which there is
no escape
I am being like I'm semi-serious about
me thinking that the game has actually
gotten clandestine harder like they've
secretly like added a little multiplier
to enemy HP or something like that if
I'm wrong I'm wrong I would like to be
right it would be a very convenient
explanation
some people have echoed my anecdotal
evidence but that doesn't mean I'm right
I'm a skeptical person to begin with
we're all skeptical people so much to
give Marvin Gaye let's go but if we
can't win in two days we'll run that's
where it's all going south man and I've
gotten a lot of tweets that between you
know salted Lee about Isaac cuz I'm ten
years old and people have been like yeah
you know I stopped playing Isaac when
afterbirth came out I think they made it
so hard it wasn't fun what's weird is
that I respect that opinion but I did
not feel that way at all I thought that
like after birth plus was a pretty good
expansion after they ironed out the
early kinks however am I the only person
experiencing the post booster pack like
madness here if I am I am and I'll you
know I can endeavor to change from
within to make that better but her it's
kind of fun sprinkler I should say I
don't think it's that good but maybe as
as asel it's excellent because it'll
shoot a brimstone beam or maybe it won't
but you know we'll figure it out soon
enough nonetheless it does shoot a
brimstone beam
it shoots in about a millisecond out in
front of it which is not a measurement
of distance or magnitude
if it catches an enemy it'll destroy
them though this seems awesome on
stationary boxes or that box right there
who is actually highly mobile we've got
a key back but I think we just go for it
here yeah anyway mostly like I'm doing
it as either on here I want to win I
want to get some confidence back I also
feel guilty like this is more Isaac
losses than I've had in like a million
years first off that was too bad plays
in a row there so I should go back in
for that key as penance but I'm a little
worried about my HP despite the fact
that you wouldn't think it careful does
that thing could blow up one of those
guys in your face but yeah like I want
to get a win on video man say I got to
come back to play an Isaac tomorrow that
vork killed could have heard us and I
want to be positive I think you know one
of the best things you can this a
four-room item for some reason I thought
it was three rooms but um one of the
best things you can do to maintain like
you know good work environment and keep
yourself as productive as possible not
that that's the be-all end-all
necessarily but you know it can be
important is leaving yourself like a
good set up for tomorrow's workday and I
know that you know my work is playing
video games so that doesn't mean it's
you know there's not elements of it that
are more fun than other elements so I
think if I was like a never go to bed
angry but for The Binding of Isaac sort
of situation I want to finish the day
with a win so I haven't had the greatest
runs today I got to come back and play
the daily tomorrow
this could be good
and I want to be psyched to play the
daily in spite of the fact that a lot of
dailies are say me a lot of them are
annoying I like them that's the thing
I'm not going to sweat that speed
downgrade when we have a you know the
ability to fly here
so I want to be in a good mood for
tomorrow's runs stop the bleeding if
possible we haven't been to our limit or
shopping we might not want to go to our
shop
we're in stats as far as those asel runs
go except we could use some real HP
because we're going to have a deal with
the devil probably on this floor we're
also not exactly crushing it from a key
standpoint this is a good trinket for us
though as we are working towards guppy
and the extra spirit hearts could come
in handy so yeah like this is I'm
pulling the veil back here a little bit
and throwing myself out through the
freaking moon door but let's go I am
like amazed at the poor track record
recently in Isaac not in a good way like
you know Lone Star was baby I'm amazed
by you who don't make me take this just
so it never shows up again I'll never
forgive you probably should have saved
this health upgrade and then used it
after a potential deal of devil hey you
come down here you're not quite close
enough to get hay problem oh I'm excited
it's popping off
was going to try to force him to spawn
close enough to the sprinkler but I'm
not sure if I really can okay seem to do
a pretty good job just one more just one
more
kind of surprised me you can get hit
there to be real with you but okay move
it on out and I think in like the fact
that every day like since I've been
slumping and Isaac it's not like it
racks my brain and nice it's like I
don't need you to tweet me and be like
NL I support you like I know this is
hard you know in the end it's bad
playing a video game for recreational
purposes you know no one's got their
csgo skins riding on me or anything like
that probably if you do is stop betting
on this this is a terrible idea you're
going to lose all your money well you
expect me to fail I succeed you expect
me to succeed I fail you know it's I'm
the great negation operator I mean
here's the thing we'll dust is due in
two seconds
to get them to hang around
might not be worth it but we've done it
nonetheless we've done it but yeah every
day I've woken up a minute okay today's
the day I'm going to like start being
better at Isaac and it like start being
good at Isaac again I should say you
know we got that three thousand hours of
stored experience and every day it just
you know maybe one good run and the rest
of them end up being junk so I'm
searching my soul for the for the
proximate cause and we'll see maybe this
is the run that pulls it all together
pulls it all together we'll take it
headless baby is basically the
definition of we have no choice but it
exists and is not horrible
it's very roundabout and for both
explanation for this item but not
terrible sprinkler it's on the verge of
becoming like bosses and tough rooms
because sadly it does possess no ability
to the locomote so on a large room like
this it's not useless because we could
we could go to enemies and going on top
of it but it's not too useful we're on
the caves to here so boss Rush is a real
possibility the question is largely
going to be how we actually feel about
going to boss rush being honest kind of
interested throwing down sprinklers
seems pretty sweet we just got a Guppies
hairball kill so clearly we can't be
that bad at the game carrion Queen she's
an ugly thing please go in no matter if
these are not the lyrics to Gary and
Queen all right we can use the Sun card
to get a red heart deal to the devil
which I think we should just do so
they're red hearts when we go in yeah
okay so turrets like good I'm going to
grab this for the completely needless
but a little two percent Zane option
here for bookworm it's not horrible
but it is admittedly fairly unnecessary
so the Emperor here is awesome because
that actually allows us to go to boss
rush and get out for free and then we
have a real library on which I don't
think we want anything but we'll take
all the books just in case one day we
might be able to create a a winnable
well-done winnable but like a quad
library that actually has items in it
okay so the guppy dream is still low
percentage but plausible
we got the HP necessary to burn here
turns out on that last run maybe we
should have gone to the cursed room
stars will be the stars in the Emperor
I'm going to stick with the stars it
really doesn't matter too much the
emperor has advantages it can get us to
the boss room if we're going to slow
we're probably not going to be too slow
on today's run well I'm the second run
of this video however the stars car
doesn't allow us to have that shortcut
so it is a disadvantage but it also
allows us to get out of boss rush
without going straight back to the room
that we can't get out of which is the
boss fight so I've got to check this
this run has popped off the other thing
we could do is just stars card like
right now
just try it just flip and try it copies
hairball is going to leave you in a
world of hurt brother 33% chance of the
deal with the devil here so not banking
on guppy dreams or like a full-blown
brimstone wouldn't turn up my nose you
got to throw that out there just so the
game knows I wouldn't turn up my nose
this is actually a ranged downgrade but
I take it because we are very very small
and then if I'm being honest I forgot
that it was a range downgrade until just
about the moment I picked it up and so
range downgrade because it just lowers
sorry raises your heights of your tears
so they spend more time in the air but
lowers the actual distance they travel
so for a beam it just lowers it 100% at
being said say a lot of things about
this run you can't really talk too much
guff about our speed stat right now
sister viz
it gets super lucky I was going to say
we might not even have to touch Larry
jr. just better for both of us honestly
now just get dusted give us a deal we've
done it magic mush we don't need to take
magic mush it it would have been better
knowing that it's Krampus but it could
have gotten a deal for free like a
double pay deal for free lump of coal
may or may not work damage is now 12
okay so this run is looking like it's
going to pop off and could be the
foundation I need underneath me for a
little bit of confidence we'll see if we
get or with our luck continues to flow
on this ride is weird I'm 12 minutes in
but I'm actually 42 minutes in I'm like
why am I like speaking exhausted like
repeating myself
there was one failure of a run appended
to the front of this one well not
appended and we're appending though
hopefully winning run to the end of this
one it's like doing an n LSS segment so
now we're long just imagine we're moving
on to golf with your friends and you
know 18 minutes here proud eighteen
minutes seems conceivable at this point
this run is poppin off probably I will
exercise my constitutional right to not
fight the lam I'm sorry well not by the
lam probably but not fight hocheiser
copy copy dreams okay I can see forevers
nothing wrong with it so second secret
room it is a second secret room I
actually don't want HP right now to is
good enough and might want to try to
snag permanent polaroid invincibility
dead onion
I think is meaningless it gives us a
range upgrade actually was not
meaningless but it's pretty much
meaningless 0.25 range upgrade might be
affected by modifiers but shout speed
obviously doesn't do anything for us so
we just dusted lockups would be nice but
I'm still loading on the freaking Guffey
dream dude come on never has one man
desire to guppy dream more than this
guppy dream right here is a donut always
seem to go you don't know what you got
till it's gone sort of moment we are
actually strong enough that the
sprinkler is completely irrelevant now I
don't need to so it's kind of a tough
sell this is not good enough none of
those are worth even messing around with
again maybe I could make an effort to
get the I could make an effort to get
the mom transformation but the mom
transformation is worth you know about
the price of a big bite hot dog is
7-eleven if you ask me I don't know how
much that is when I was in college it
was $2.00 or just coupons so I have to
assume that this probably like you know
290 or something at this point has been
like you know eight or nine years since
I was buying 7-eleven Big Bite hotdogs
on the regular but man that was one heck
of a summer
deels were out of control it might have
been too big bite hot dogs for two
dollars I know I'm getting mired in the
minutia of this anecdote at this point
but I'm like a $2.00 hot dog in 2008
doesn't seem like that good of a deal
it's not it's not pricey I know every
time you say like oh I paid $2 for a hot
dog oh I get him for 35 cents out of the
garbage can next to my house okay look
who are you paying because you should
just get him out of the garbage can if
that's the case get them for free man
you're paying someone for access to
their garbage can is that where society
is at now is a man not entitled to the
garbage of his neighbor's I guess not
probably try pulling that one in court
neighbors will buy a paper shredder in
approximately negative 20 seconds torn
photo lovely for the damage bonus and
buy damage I mean VPS because the faster
charge we gotta look for the Goffe dream
and I was incredulous when I started to
save and then we got the closer to the
guppy dream and now I'm not incredulous
anymore but we should know no I'm
excited
take that we should take the sprinkler
because it's more fun it's more unique
than guppy says all the sneeze is unique
in that it left me great as I was about
to experience it now I got like one eye
closed trying to get back now that our
rate of fire is increased it's actually
a lot better as well it's firing all the
time speed down one makes you small
cables take that to the point of
absurdity good luck no money guess we
didn't really need money to begin with
we're one item away from the guppy dream
with the left hand and a 72 percent
chance of a deal with the devil so if
there is a benevolent force above the
side within you know wherever I don't
care all I want to do is abuse your
deification for personal gain
give me Guffey this is my moment this is
my like rebirth how ironic
and I'm it's so ironic I'm not even
going to mention that I had the booth
she had the chronic and/or the Lakers
beat the SuperSonics ridiculous no yes
no yeah whatever
no big deal help down is actually good
although we may not want at this point
to generate HP take it on a case-by-case
basis it's good to use a key or worse
things to get here I'm going to take the
left hand if we don't become Guffey I
think the left hand could could still
fulfill our guppy dream for us you know
what it's an is asel run like even
though I desperately need something in
the win column anything I can do to get
like a little Zane on an Azazel run
feels a little bit better though than
72% James denied let's go now the
cathedral has been like the source of my
greatest failures lately for a floor
that probably like two weeks ago I would
have said like this floor doesn't have
any reason to exist it's always pretty
easy you just bomb your way through the
rooms you don't want to do doesn't give
you any items not really a skill check
like all the sudden haven't even my you
know mental words like crazy lately this
time it's not going to happen though
this run conceivably is too strong to
mess up even you know have my worst so
little all there we go where the Guster
life is good
now if we mess this one up I have to
quit playing The Binding of Isaac
forever that's the rule so you know root
for a loss if you never want to see
Isaac again this is like the gray moment
of truth such an easy win with 12 damage
no hive mind admittedly but you know who
cares
effectively now let you know drop this
because we don't need the left hand
anymore unless we want to become super
guppy doesn't exist I could see forever
- its diamonds - all talk to a diamonds
we're not holding anything you know we
do have we don't have Guppies tail but
we might as well take an extra key here
okay I can't tell you how much of a load
this is off my shoulders you know this
is I having an argument with somebody
you want to get that sword before you
fall asleep you know the sleep is this
some place where feelings are cemented
wake up in the morning you're still mad
you're going to text them again fuck you
you know apologies for the YouTube
advertisers for the f-word there but I'm
selling a wholesome family message it's
a good idea reconcile that stuff before
you sleep I'm going to sleep probably
you know I have five or six hours of
waking life left in me today I'm glad
that we're going to be going to sleep
with an Isaac victory gives me the
utmost confidence that tomorrow every
little thing is going to be all right in
Isaac at least I can't promise you know
the greater world at large
you know like track two off modest mouse
2004 album good news for people who love
bad news and all of a sudden I'm winning
and my career as you theories just
followed by the wayside I'm like what
are you talking about the enemies have
more aged people that you're crushing
them in two seconds there's no problem
honey then I don't know why I said that
in the most British way possible here we
go this is the coronation for the 10th
time on this slump do it to it thank you
and go with cou it thank you and do it
to it thank you and wait what it is wait
what
but or waffles sprinkles way better
three pills pheromones paralysis and
then another pheromones now I get the
offer hold no more Isaac forever if I
lose and try not to think about the fact
that if I really didn't want to play
Isaac again ever I would just not upload
this video and try not to think about
the fact that wait a minute isn't that
exactly what he would want you to think
do the research people I'm just saying
through the research that's it stats can
you approach the research with an open
mind and an open mind in this case means
agreeing with me on a percent otherwise
you're a bottom paid for media shield
let's go you're dusted you're dusted
look at that the prophecy foretold of a
man who would stand in a sea of tears
yet remained dry as bone that man has
arrived and his name is and then he
slips on a banana peel
oh my glass is okay we are going to win
a run no not today tomorrow thanks for
watching I hope you guys enjoyed the
episode and the descendant of the mind
of a madman if you did click the like
button and helps out a great deal of
course subscribe if you want to see more
in the future for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time